shake out the nerves a little bit  alright.
ok.
good luck buddy.
thank you very much
Hi
Hello
What's your name?
My name is Daniel.
How old you
I am 23 years old
And Tell us, What do you do for a living?
I am actually a sales representative for a few radio stations in mid, Ohio.
so what will you be doing for us today?
I am going to be singing for you.
Okay.
Can I ask you have you been performing a lot?
This is actually my first time in front an audience.
shut up
So this is a big deal so just take it in and, you know what, don't think about it, don't think about it.  Just do it
got it.
go
I hope he's good
[in Goofy's voice] oh no
see you walking round like its a funeral
not so serious, why those feet hole
we're just gettin' started, don't you tip-toe, tip-toe.
[Scooby's Voice] race drive with the raz-ther-rese.race drive with the raz-ther-rese.
x
[believe] [that] [barber] fragrantly
Ha to me, baby
[sweetly] craving whoa [legends] are my [thing] [so] crazy crazy
Keep an [open] Society usin squad for me, baby
Let's do the mind to go crazy, baby
Keep I'm hoping really cake by the ocean
Whole to me oh, baby
[no] [crazy] [Frizzy] if I hope it can be [ideal]
I've never seen anything like this, and this is your first
performance outside of your front room
Basically yes, and you killed it you nailed it. I'm telling [you] brilliant
Thank you. Now. You can really pick on it
This is what I love about the show
I love the variety I love seeing things that I've never seen before [you] just showed me something
I never saw before you are awesome. Thank you
You put the biggest smile on my face. I absolutely [a] rule on this act. Thank you
Did you notice he did an impression of you really really well?
Thank God for you today, because I was beginning to lose the will to live I
Really was and then you come out and honestly everyone is gonna love this act. Thank you very much
appreciated
Callie [I]
Just have to dinner get you alone in the living room singing cake by the ocean
But I love that you brought it out of the house to us you got your first. Yes. Thank you
Heidi
Daniel you get you a second. Yes
Simon
obviously, yes
Yes for me will [be] within a crown
I was really struggling today. [oh] genuinely and this guy lights up the room